README.md, before:

Horiseon-Optimize-Accessibility

DESCRIPTION:
My motive for this project is to become more efficent in web development/coding. 

I'm refactoring the code to opitmize in search engine, adding accessiblity features and cleaning up working code. 

This project will make the already built webpage more accessible to everyone who comes across it, including those with disabilites. 

LEARNED/LEARNING:
I've learned that non-semantic elements like div and span, don't add to the experience for people with disabilities. I learned having an img elemet, without an alt atrribute can hide important context from screenreaders. I also learned that the internet can be accessible to all people of all kinds if coded correctly and effiecently. Another thing I learned is that having a more accessible code can improve the webpages SEO. 

PROCCESS/INSTALLTION:
The first step I took in refactoring this code, was interesting comments to visually divide both the HTML and CSS files and making sure the links worked properly. The second step I took was changing the some of the elements to semantic elements, ie. div element to nav element and div class=header to header element. The next step, was to change the selectors on the CSS file to match the HTMl file. Then, I condensed code that was repeated into similar CSS declarations. Finally, I am researching and adding accessibility elements.

USAGE: 
At the top of the page there is a hidden skiplink that allows you to skip to the main content of the page. If you press tab, the link will appear, if you press enter it will bring you to the main content of the page.

CREDITS:
Skip link https://webaim.org/techniques/skipnav/#creating

Semantic elemenets https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Semantics

Professional README Guide https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide

LICENSE:

FEATURES:

Commit message:

added page deploy link to README

README.md, after:

Horiseon-Optimize-Accessibility: 
https://kaylaanngrace.github.io/Horiseon-optimize-accessibility/

DESCRIPTION:
My motive for this project is to become more efficent in web development/coding. 

I'm refactoring the code to opitmize in search engine, adding accessiblity features and cleaning up working code. 

This project will make the already built webpage more accessible to everyone who comes across it, including those with disabilites. 

LEARNED/LEARNING:
I've learned that non-semantic elements like div and span, don't add to the experience for people with disabilities. I learned having an img elemet, without an alt atrribute can hide important context from screenreaders. I also learned that the internet can be accessible to all people of all kinds if coded correctly and effiecently. Another thing I learned is that having a more accessible code can improve the webpages SEO. 

PROCCESS/INSTALLTION:
The first step I took in refactoring this code, was interesting comments to visually divide both the HTML and CSS files and making sure the links worked properly. The second step I took was changing the some of the elements to semantic elements, ie. div element to nav element and div class=header to header element. The next step, was to change the selectors on the CSS file to match the HTMl file. Then, I condensed code that was repeated into similar CSS declarations. Finally, I am researching and adding accessibility elements.

USAGE: 
At the top of the page there is a hidden skiplink that allows you to skip to the main content of the page. If you press tab, the link will appear, if you press enter it will bring you to the main content of the page.
![Skip To Main Content Link](assets/images/Horiseon-SEO.png)

CREDITS:

Skip link: https://webaim.org/techniques/skipnav/#creating

Semantic elemenets: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Semantics

Professional README Guide: https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide

LICENSE:

FEATURES: 

-SkipNav to skip to main content

-Alt attributes for images

-Semantic elements for all regions of page
